Mr. Song Changqing is still qualified
He De and He Can Serve Nagato Thought
We, as members of the Lin Consortium
Resolutely oppose
It's the eldest lady
Mr. Song Changqing is just a leader in the territory
Let an alien take over Lin's
Isn't this a child's play?
Miss, we seriously doubt
This Mr. Song Changqing married Minnie
What's going on
OK, I see.
This stinky woman set me on fire on purpose
Woof
Evergreen, you see what everyone says
I can't help it either.
You can't blame me. It's okay.
I also have something to say
I know.
Your ceremony for me to succeed the head of the Lin's consortium
Quite an opinion
But here's what I'm saying.
This position can only be done by me.
Because he doesn't deserve it.
What are you talking about, brat?
The Lin consortium was originally from the government
Miss Lin doesn't deserve anyone
Just the ungrateful guy
Hey, take it easy.
I'm not finished.
The reason why I say he doesn't deserve it
Because he is not the eldest lady of Lin Mansion at all